rugby sevens it's an exciting sport the
games are only 40 minutes long seven
minute halves it's quick it's very fast
for spectators who don't necessarily
know rugby I think rugby sevens is a
perfect sport it's almost a full sprint
for 14 minutes so it's a bit of like
taking the essentials in the game and
really kind of putting it out there for
for the for the crowd to see that's kind
of what separates really does it's such
an awesome feeling oh not many people
you actually represent their country and
really a tight-knit group and I think
that's something we kind of hold over
other teams other teams don't quite have
that there's just this big camaraderie
between the teams and it was something
really special and exciting and be
incredible experience seeing the opening
and closing ceremonies an awesome time
and obviously doing really well there
was great for us you know I don't
remember us playing God great in that
final but I guess it's kind of house
seven skills you get a couple breaks
your way the day before they watched the
women's soccer team win the gold medal
it was such a great feeling to see that
and we all wanted to do that you know
winning it was awesome the very first
great be gold medal go into Canada which
was amazing a little bit of history
that's for sure standing on the podium
and getting the gold medal was the best
moment my splitting cruise if you could
pick a place to defend the championship
at home and have to be the place to be
you know you got your full support from
everyone you know they're making noise
tracking the other team it kind of a
mess us up it's it's great happy with it
with the game growing so so quickly and
beating the Olympics I mean it's got a
bit of a spotlight on it and the
defending champion is from Guadalajara I
think if we come back here and do it
again at home that would be just amazing
that's a year off from the Olympics and
we've been kind of coming up with leafs
imbalance instead to and play some
really good rugby so winning it would be
a major milestone
games is something we're really gearing
up towards it being in Toronto it
possible being qualifier for the
Olympics so it's something that we're
focused on even though it's a couple
years ahead to be able to have family
friends and everyone there supporting
and then obviously the crowd we know
it's going to be awesome it's almost
like having an eighth player on the
field oh it's going to be great it's
going to be just a great atmosphere
great event on home soil as playing in
front of our own fans it gives us an
opportunity to really really support the
sport help it grow it's definitely a
massive massive sort of toward a bit
before I Sipho Canada it's kind of great
experience